ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentSmsCodeBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentSmsCodeBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxyInterface
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxyInterface
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModuleMediator.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModuleMediator
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/network/APIClient.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.network.APIClient
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentBordingTwoBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentBordingTwoBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentCourseEnrolBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentCourseEnrolBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowAttachmentDetailForumBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowAttachmentDetailForumBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/videoPlayer/VideoEnabledWebView.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.videoPlayer.VideoEnabledWebView
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.videoPlayer.VideoEnabledWebView$JavascriptInterface
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.videoPlayer.VideoEnabledWebView$JavascriptInterface$1
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentMoreBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentMoreBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseRealmProxy$CourseColumnInfo
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/utils/OtpEditText.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.utils.OtpEditText
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.utils.OtpEditText$1
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityBordingBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityBordingBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/PreferencesLayoutBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.PreferencesLayoutBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/helper/CourseDataHandler.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseDataHandler
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowFolderModuleFileBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowFolderModuleFileBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/network/MoodleServices.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.network.MoodleServices
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityWebViewBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityWebViewBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/DownloadsFragmentBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.DownloadsFragmentBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxyInterface
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowLessonContentBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowLessonContentBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/glide/GlideApp.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.glide.GlideApp
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityBrowserBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityBrowserBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/glide/GlideOptions.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.glide.GlideOptions
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxy$ContentColumnInfo
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentDiscussionBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentDiscussionBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowCourseSectionBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowCourseSectionBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityCourseDetailBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityCourseDetailBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxyInterface
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityEditBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityEditBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentFolderModuleBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentFolderModuleBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowDownloadBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowDownloadBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentCourseSectionBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentCourseSectionBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentVideoBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentVideoBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowForumBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowForumBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/glide/GlideRequests.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.glide.GlideRequests
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowCourseModuleBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowCourseModuleBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentSearchCourseBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentSearchCourseBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/VideoProgressBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.VideoProgressBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ModuleRealmProxy$ModuleColumnInfo
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowMoreOptionsBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowMoreOptionsBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/BuildConfig.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.BuildConfig
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/helper/CourseRequestHandler.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$1
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$2
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$2$1
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$3
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$4
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$5
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseRequestHandler$CallBack
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentMyCoursesBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentMyCoursesBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/videoPlayer/VideoEnabledWebChromeClient.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.videoPlayer.VideoEnabledWebChromeClient
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.videoPlayer.VideoEnabledWebChromeClient$ToggledFullscreenCallback
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/helper/CourseDownloader.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseDownloader
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseDownloader$1
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.helper.CourseDownloader$DownloadCallback
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxyInterface
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentBordingThreeBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentBordingThreeBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityTokenBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityTokenBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowSearchCourseBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowSearchCourseBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/glide/GlideRequest.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.glide.GlideRequest
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_DiscussionRealmProxy$DiscussionColumnInfo
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_ContentRealmProxyInterface
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowClassNumberBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowClassNumberBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModule.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModule
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivityLoginPhoneBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivityLoginPhoneBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentMoreOptionsBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentMoreOptionsBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxy$AttachmentColumnInfo
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_forum_AttachmentRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentClassNumberBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentClassNumberBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentForumBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentForumBinding
io/realm/ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxy
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.ilimboxAndroid_bphc_ilimbox_models_course_CourseSectionRealmProxy$CourseSectionColumnInfo
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/RowCourseBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.RowCourseBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/ActivitySmsCodeBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.ActivitySmsCodeBinding
ilimboxAndroid/bphc/ilimbox/databinding/FragmentBordingOneBinding.java
 ilimboxAndroid.bphc.ilimbox.databinding.FragmentBordingOneBinding
